Add pytest fixtures support with Pylance (#6041)
microsoft/vscode-docs: docs/python/testing.md

|  **Testing: Focus on Test Explorer View** | Open the Test Explorer view. Similar to **Testing: Focus on Python View** on versions prior to 2021.9.
|  **Test: Stop Refreshing Tests** | Cancel test discovery. |

> ## IntelliSense for pytest fixtures and parameterization

Reviewer: This H2 text will likely result in word wrap in the right navigation "In this topic" list.
Could it be shortened to just "IntelliSense for pytest"?

[Pylance](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-python.vscode-pylance) offers IntelliSense features that can help you work more efficiently with [pytest fixtures](https://docs.pytest.org/en/6.2.x/fixture.html) and [parameterized tests](https://docs.pytest.org/en/6.2.x/parametrize.html).

> As you're typing the parameters for your test function, Pylance will offer you a list of [auto completions](/docs/python/editing.md#autocomplete-and-intellisense) that includes known parameters from arguments defined by `@pytest.mark.parametrize`, as well as existing pytest fixtures defined in your tests file or in `confest.py`. [Code navigation](/docs/python/editing.md#navigation) features such as **Go to Definition** and **Find All References** and [rename symbol refactoring](/docs/editor/refactoring.md#rename-symbol) are also supported.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
As you're typing the parameters for your test function, Pylance will offer you a list of [auto completions](/docs/python/editing.md#autocomplete-and-intellisense) that includes argument names from `@pytest.mark.parametrize` decorators, as well as existing pytest fixtures defined in your tests file or in `confest.py`. [Code navigation](/docs/python/editing.md#navigation) features such as **Go to Definition** and **Find All References** and [rename symbol refactoring](/docs/editor/refactoring.md#rename-symbol) are also supported.
```

> ![Auto completion suggestion when passing a parameter to a test function in a Python test file. The suggestion is a fixture defined in conftest.py.](/docs/python/images/testing/pytest-fixture-autocomplete.png)

Reviewer: You can just use `images/testing/pytest-fixture-autocomplete.png` for the image paths (here and below).

> When hovering over a fixture reference or a parameterized argument reference, Pylance will show the inferred type annotation, either based on the return values of the fixture, or based on the inferred types of the arguments passed by the parameterization decorator.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When hovering over a fixture reference or a parameterized argument reference, Pylance will show the inferred type annotation, either based on the return values of the fixture, or based on the inferred types of the arguments passed to the parameterization decorator.
```

![Pylance type inference based on the types of arguments passed to the paramaterization decorator.](/docs/python/images/testing/pytest-inferred-parametrized-argument.png)

> Pylance also offers [code actions](/docs/editor/refactoring.md#code-actions--quick-fixes-and-refactorings) to add type annotation to test functions that has  fixture parameters.  Inlay hints for inferred fixture parameter types can also be enabled by setting `python.analysis.inlayHints.pytestParameters` to `true` in your User settings.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Pylance also offers [code actions](/docs/editor/refactoring.md#code-actions--quick-fixes-and-refactorings) to add type annotations to test functions that have fixture parameters.  Inlay hints for inferred fixture parameter types can also be enabled by setting `python.analysis.inlayHints.pytestParameters` to `true` in your User settings.
```
